good do the rim haha nice thanks for
showing me that riff that really adds a
lot of spice to it yeah of course just
be sure not to overdo it
what do you mean some people think they
need a riff to impress everybody but I
think it's just best to let the music
speak for itself oh yeah totally why
don't we do Billy Joel next did you just
riff yourself I think I did yeah
did you notice how that ended this song
yes prematurely let's play something
else okay Brahms Lullaby got it slowed
down
slow down don't do it okay one more
piece okay this is real simple now there
is no way you can mess this up okay you
ready
ode to joy' Beethoven easy classic yes
Daniel look at me
you don't need it I don't need it
[Music]
you don't you don't learn song said it
with floki like a description it's
friggin awesome
[Music]